>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
update our program and
then we'll update our help.
We're gonna do something
a little bit different now.
By default, we've been printing to
the standard out, but let's just for
our purposes have a default
of writing to a file, and
then we'll have a configuration where you
can dump to the standard out if you want.
But we'll assume that maybe you
wanna write to another file.
So i'm gonna create
a variable called OUTFILE,
and we want,
actually let me do it afterwards,
we want for OUTFILE to,
>> Kyle Simpson: Be
the path.join with BASE_PATH,
wherever that is.
>> Kyle Simpson: Concatenated
with a file name of out.txt.
So we're basically just saying
wherever it found the file,
whatever kind of processing it is gonna
write it back out to another file.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now,
if we set up a boolean flag for out,
this is going to allow us to tell it no,
no, no,
don't write it to that file,
just jumped it to the standard out.
So we're gonna be able to control
the target stream that we wanna go after.
>> Kyle Simpson: So down here in our
process file when we are selecting
the process.standard out what we wanna
do is have some selection logic.
If orgs.out,
meaning we've told the program
we want you to go to process.stdout,
then we want to say
targetStream= process.stdout.
But if it's not specified,
then we wanna make a file system
stream to dump the contents from
the stream into another file.
And remember, because it's stream
processing, because of the piping,
it's gonna dump only 65K each time, so it
doesn't have to read the whole thing and
then write the whole thing.
So how do we make an output stream?
It's pretty straightforward,
we're going to say targetStream
is equal to fs.createWriteStream,
and we're going to give it that
half that we set up at the top.
>> Kyle Simpson: So now we're deciding
which stream we want to pipe our contents
to based upon our parameters that
we pass in the command line.
>> Kyle Simpson: And by default,
we wanna go to out.text
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
let's update our help just to
make sure we don't forget that.
>> Kyle Simpson: --out
says print to the stdout,
we won't do that by default,
but you can configure that on.
So, if we go back to our code,
if we run this without adding the --out,
now we shouldn't see any output at all.
But if we look in the files directory,
oops,
I'm sorry, in this directory.
You'll notice now we have an out.txt,
which is our 1 megabyte copied file.
And if we look at the contents of out.txt,
you'll notice that it was
the transformed copy of it.